# Go API client for plextv

An Open API Spec for interacting with Plex.tv

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.0.3
- Package version: 1.1.6
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://www.LukeHagar.com](https://www.LukeHagar.com)

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import plextv "github.com/lukehagar/plexgo"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), plextv.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), plextv.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), plextv.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), plextv.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://plex.tv/api/v2*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*PlexTvApi* | [**GetCompanionsData**](docs/PlexTvApi.md#getcompanionsdata) | **Get** /companions | Get Companions Data
*PlexTvApi* | [**GetDevices**](docs/PlexTvApi.md#getdevices) | **Get** /resources | Get Devices
*PlexTvApi* | [**GetGeoData**](docs/PlexTvApi.md#getgeodata) | **Get** /geoip | Get Geo Data
*PlexTvApi* | [**GetHomeData**](docs/PlexTvApi.md#gethomedata) | **Get** /home | Get Home Data
*PlexTvApi* | [**GetPin**](docs/PlexTvApi.md#getpin) | **Post** /pins | Get a Pin
*PlexTvApi* | [**GetToken**](docs/PlexTvApi.md#gettoken) | **Get** /pins/{pinID} | Get Access Token
*PlexTvApi* | [**GetUserDetails**](docs/PlexTvApi.md#getuserdetails) | **Get** /user | Get Logged in User
*PlexTvApi* | [**GetUserOptOutSettings**](docs/PlexTvApi.md#getuseroptoutsettings) | **Get** /user/settings/opt_outs | Get User Opt Out Settings
*PlexTvApi* | [**GetUserSettings**](docs/PlexTvApi.md#getusersettings) | **Get** /user/settings | Get User Settings


## Documentation For Models

 - [GetCompanionsData401Response](docs/GetCompanionsData401Response.md)
 - [GetGeoData200Response](docs/GetGeoData200Response.md)
 - [GetPin200Response](docs/GetPin200Response.md)
 - [GetPin200ResponseLocation](docs/GetPin200ResponseLocation.md)
 - [GetPin400Response](docs/GetPin400Response.md)
 - [GetUserOptOutSettings200Response](docs/GetUserOptOutSettings200Response.md)


## Documentation For Authorization



### Token

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-Plex-Token
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: X-Plex-Token and passed in as the auth context for each request.


### ClientIdentifier

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-Plex-Client-Identifier
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: X-Plex-Client-Identifier and passed in as the auth context for each request.


### DeviceName

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-Plex-Device-Name
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: X-Plex-Device-Name and passed in as the auth context for each request.


### Device

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-Plex-Device
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: X-Plex-Device and passed in as the auth context for each request.


### PlatformVersion

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-Plex-Platform-Version
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: X-Plex-Platform-Version and passed in as the auth context for each request.


### Platform

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-Plex-Platform
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: X-Plex-Platform and passed in as the auth context for each request.


### Product

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-Plex-Product
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: X-Plex-Product and passed in as the auth context for each request.


### Version

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-Plex-Version
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: X-Plex-Version and passed in as the auth context for each request.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author

Lukeslakemail@gmail.com

